this mail cup is not only hungry he's
sick on this morning the pride is
heading for a woodland where there is
more cover and more animals to hunt it's
a long journey for the exhausted Cubs
for the weakest male it's a real
struggle to keep up he's trying but
slowly he gets left behind
this is a brutal world the nanus is
simply cannot wait if they don't keep
hunting and eat soon they too will
become weak and then there'll be no hope
for any of them
warthogs are a valuable catch at this
time of year the lives of the Cubs
depend on a successful outcome
while one lioness slowly creeps forward
another approaches from cover
it's been a while since our last kill
and all the hungry pride pile in
all that is except one a mile away a
young life is fading away the kill has
come too late for him
you